# Interviewing People in Context - LGBTQ Community

### DH150 Assignment04: Contextual Inquiry by Naomi Deng

### Description of Project 

Design Challenge

- There are three main activities the project would support users: 1. To search for resources, information and 2. build a community specifically for individuals within the LGBTQ community on the campus of the University of California, Los Angeles.  Basic need involved in these activities is Esteem, love and belonging, safety. For individuals who belong to the community, they need to eliminate the sense of low self-esteem or self-consciousness due to the association with the LGBTQ community. Additionally, to conquer issues with their self-expression and self-recognition, they seek for love and belongingness by doing these activities and acquiring information that bestows them with warmth, inclusion, and comfort. Last but not least, doing these activities help them identify individuals with similar experiences and struggles, thereby form solitude and instill safety. As for LGBTQ individuals specifically, there are some current and traditional solutions in satisfying these needs. Firstly, individuals may choose to search for information regarding LGBTQ in helping themselves self-recognized and identify safety measures in express their identities to others. They might go ask certain people around the campus about where they can find such information regarding LGBTQ group. After identifying the specific organizations and groups tailored for the LGBTQ community, they will join, connect, build rapport based on commonalities, shared experiences and struggles and find consolation. For the need of safety, individuals usually rely on each other. They form a group with mutual support and solitude where they feel safe. However, limitations exist in the traditional ways of finding resources and building connections with similar individuals. For example, by physically going to ask different groups and finding resources through different outlets could take up a huge amount of time. Additionally, the community brings commitment. Joining a support group means an individual has channels to seek help, care, and support, but it might also bring meetings, group gatherings and other activities that burden specific individuals. These issues could potentially be improved by technology. For example, instead of using physical strength to find resources, internet and LGBTQ websites offer easier access in assisting individuals to narrow down the information they need and are most interested in. In addition, for individuals who seek specific help and support but are afraid of too much commitment, joining online LGBTQ support group chat might be a more optimistic option.

Target Users

- The target users for the product as well as activities are college students at the University of California, Los Angeles. They will most likely to identify themselves as members who belong to the LGBTQ community. They could further self-identify with any specific sub-group within the community (example, gay, non-binary…)  These students could be doing certain activities to seek for people or groups that share the same identity or interest and thus, a sense of belongingness and inclusion. Most often, they would do that activity on campus through resources provided by the larger community. In the case of the UCLA campus, individuals may choose to go to specific kiosks, centers or specific people to acquire more information about the LGBTQ community and thus find resources and join the community. Additionally, some of them would start finding sources and gathering information within their closed or private groups. For example, they might get to know people with similar interest through common friends and thus build rapport. Since college students have a high usage of internet and electronic devices, they would most likely to use search engines in finding LGBTQ resources and information. Additionally, social media platforms provide convenient channels for students to join the online LGBTQ community, such as queer Facebook groups. In addition to searching for activities on the internet, users could also rely on on-campus organizations and resources. They could go to student’s activity centers to find relevant resources and decide whether they would like to join the LGBTQ organizations. 

- For this interview specifically, the interviewer decides to specify a subcategory under the general student group – international students, due to the special identity of the participant. The reason behind this is that in comparison to the overall student group, the international student group is a minority on campus, and thus might not be recognized as much as domestic students. They might even have their special methods in finding resources and connect with individuals within LGBTQ, or more specifically International LGBTQ community. For the purpose to understand distinctive individuals’ experience and behavior, pertinent questions will be asked about the international LGBTQ community, specifically the international LGBTQ community at UCLA. 

Research Method

- For this contextual inquiry, I choose individual semi-formal interviews as my method of observation. I plan to interview a college student, who is also the target user with direct observation. I choose this method because first of all, the interview can provide better-quality answers. For surveys, the level of completion and quality of answers largely depend on the participants’ conditions (such as their time-availability). Interviews allow me to curate the questions I intend to ask the participant, and also the interview setting (usually a quiet place with minimal distractions) ensures the participant can think without much disturbances and thus can provide honest and thoughtful answers. Moreover, as an interviewer, I will be recording the interview session. Thus, I will be able to evaluate any non-verbal behavior of the participant that might be essential for the product improvement. The participants exhibit their most sincere and genuine actions while doing the activity, and thus I would be able to analyze their reactions in helping me decide whether a particular function/search causes the most confusion and thus invent ways to improve on that aspect. Furthermore, interviews have more flexibility. By evaluating the answers, the interviewers ask of the interviewees, interviewers can decide to dig deeper into an answer thereby better understand the rationales behind a type of behavior, activity or decision. Interviews provide more insightful and in-depth observations instead of just on a surface level. 

### Contextual Inquiry Script

https://drive.google.com/file/d/119nuumM9x5lQCJdQT_YrF5_4KlXmv9Po/view?usp=sharing

### Video Recording of the Interview

https://drive.google.com/file/d/152yWYgObGC3RYtQ-v_O6PZjv3FdAfq28/view?usp=sharing

### Interview Transcript

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1CY7xnQ0JyidgVfT5SDMLtyHYyk6ODtNr/view?usp=sharing

### Reflection

Summary of the Process: 

- To start with, the planning of the interview went smoothly due to my prior experience being in the community. Therefore, I was able to detect and feel empathetic about the struggles faced by students within the LGBTQ community. By relying on my experiences and those of my close friends who identify as members of the community, I came up with a few questions to check if campus provides enough resources, information, and support for the LGBTQ community. Searching for the interviewee was more of a difficult problem for me due to the time limitations. I contacted over 10 potential candidates to interview and to find the best-suited interviewees, I visited the LGBTQ center in the Student Recreation Center. Ultimately, I chose an interviewee referred by a common friend particular because I believe common experiences (in this case, friend) will help build the rapport and thus benefit the interview process. (example: the interviewee is more comfortable in sharing information). The overall interview went smoothly in that the interviewee did not have any major obstacles in understanding the questions or responding with a thoughtful and sincere answer. Additionally, the interviewee revealed information that is positively unexpected, largely overlooked yet critical to the community – the lack of resources for specific student entities, such as the international LGBTQ students. This broadens the horizon and provides new inspiration for improving the product and user experience. Nevertheless, surprisingly different from my expectation, the interviewee was not particularly vocal. For example, during the interview process, occasionally the interviewee would only provide a short answer that was not quite informative. Thus, oftentimes I had to expand the questions and offer a further prompt to poke the question even further for more information and responses. 

What did I learn from the interviewee: 

- First of all, UCLA has rich resources for the LGBTQ community, but students might encounter obstacles in narrowing down the information. For example, the interviewee mentioned multiple times that when she joined UCLA, she felt overwhelmed by the campus and the amount of information and resources that the school provides. Thus, she was unable to narrow down specific information regarding the LGBTQ community. Overtime and also by acquiring information from people who are more familiar with the campus, she was able to find information about the community she needed and thus joined the organization, Prism where she found care and belongingness. 

- Moreover, Members within the community are still facing misunderstanding, discrimination, and judgments. To offset the negative effects brought by these, they often seek help from the group. For example, as my interviewee Ruchen mentioned, she self-identifies as a bisexual individual. Due to her bisexuality, she encountered situations where people, often without proper or sufficient knowledge of bisexuality, misunderstand or negatively comment on her LGBTQ identity. As Ruchen suggested, there should be more recognition and thus proper educational resources to clear this confusion and misjudgments. 

- Furthermore, Certain student groups don’t receive enough recognition and specialized support. In terms of campus resources and benefits, they are rather marginalized. In the interview, Ruchen specifically mentioned that the LGBTQ community in her country, China, is misplaced, ignored and usually responded with discrimination and rejection. These people who belong to the international LGBTQ community need special care and resources that help them improve their queer experiences and find a sense of inclusion, self-esteem, self-awareness, and belongingness. However, as she mentioned, the UCLA campus fails to provide appropriate recognition for the international group and thus fail to satisfy their needs for resources.  

- Last but not least, To tackle the problem with lacking resources, International students have their methods in forming solitude and support among the group. Ruchen, for example, when she was back in China, joined an LGBTQ festival to seek belongingness and a sense of community. While experiencing lacking resources for international students, Ruchen initiated an LGBTQ group for her Chinese companions on a common app used among these students to construct community, build connections and instill safety. 

What would I do differently: 

- I would make sure there is sufficient time for preparation and execution of the interview: due to the limited time for interviewing, transcribing and analyzing the overall process, I intended to interview with prompt actions in an efficient manner. However, I overlooked the fact that the interviewee might need more time to relax, get familiar with the process, and especially the interviewer personally thereby feeling less restrained by the unfamiliarity and more comfortable to speak about her experiences. Therefore, next time I would ensure more “air to breathe” and flexibility before the interview and try to create an environment where interviewees feel safer, more relaxed and open to communicate about her thoughts, feelings, and experiences. 

- I would make sure to check with my interviewee about the language they are most comfortable with. Take this interview for example, Ruchen and I are both international students from China. To transcribe, I decided to use English as the communicative language throughout the interview process. Nonetheless, I might have overlooked the fact that Ruchen’s primary language is Chinese, instead of English. Therefore, she might be more comfortable and thus more articulate when speaking in her primary language. The fact that English is her second language might hinder her ability to precisely communicate her ideas, and thus affected the overall results of the interview. (example: Ruchen might provide more insightful information in her primary language that could potentially help the interviewer understand LGBTQ community). Consequently, next time I would make sure to ask my interviewee’s preferences before the interview and make it flexible for them to choose a language they are most comfortable with. (Limit to only Chinese and English)

